# refactoring-html-project
In this html document I refactored the code to complete all 4 of my acceptence criterias which were, Create a main heading that reads "Student-Bio". For this task I used the h1 tag under the header tag to write my main heading which was Student Bio. My next task was to create a section that includes a name, an image, and a paragraph. To complete this task I added a section tag and gave it a class attribute called "section bio-section". Then I added the h2 tag to add another heading named "Gideon Razzaq" and gave it an id attribute to more easily style things in the CSS document. Next I added an img scr tag with the link to the image to display the image I wanted on my website. Then to add a paragraph I added the p tag and wrote my paragraph in between the tags. For my nexxt task I had to create a second section that includes a subheader labeled "Contact Info" and a list that includes links to my email, GitHub, and portfolio. So I added the aside tag to seperate it from the other section, then under that I used the h3 tag and created a subheading called "Contact-Info". Then to create a list I used the ul tag and then the li tag with a class attribute for all the items on the list, to add the links I used an href attribute to specify a link to any address and in this case to my email, GitHub and portfolio. I then used the style.css file to style my page, I wrote body then a { and wrote background color to set it to light yellow. Then I set the Contact-Info subheading to blue and the email link backgrounds to yellow, GitHub link to grey, and portfolio link to orange. This is how I refactored the code to make my website. Refactoring is the process of restructuring existing computer code without changing its external behavior.

